fix avoid-cascade testcase (#371)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/hashing/subtests/avoid-cascade/webpack/index.md

---
result: pass
---

One of Webpack's core principles is that bundled modules are loaded using a small runtime, which acts as a module and registry and loader depending on the configuration. The generally recommended approach of configuring Webpack to produce a standalone runtime script.

The runtime script is a natural place to embed bundle hash information, since it already contains the mappings required for translating bundle identifiers into URLs. This centralized hash disambiguation allows dependency bundles to be updated with new hashed URLs, without requiring their dependent bundles to be updated with those hash values. The result is something like an [Import Map], and it's enabled by default in Webpack. With a few configuration changes, it's relatively easy to ensure hash changes don't cascade between bundles.

> Centralizing hash information has a downsite: All hashes need to be loaded upfront, which has negative impact on initial page load for larger applications. That's why webpack uses a two-level hash cascade by default. All chunk hashes are loaded in the first level at initial page load (the number of chunks is usually small compared to the number of modules/assets in the whole application). Other hashes, e. g. for assets (imported via `file-loader`) are inlined into the chunks. This ensures that these hashes are loaded on demand and do not impact the initial page load.

Reviewer: I'm trying to keep mostly bundler-agnostic terminology here (though I realize it ends up walking a fine line of being incorrect). LMK.

```suggestion
One trade-off of centralizing hash information is that all hashes must be loaded up-front, which can impact page load for larger applications. To address this, webpack uses a two-level hash cascade by default: JS bundle hashes are loaded up-front at initial page load (since this number is small compared to all modules/assets), whereas asset hashes (for things like `file-loader`) are inlined into the chunks that reference the asset. This ensures most hashes are loaded as-needed and don't impact the initial page load.
```

> This default behavior causes a one-level cascade for assets loaded on demand. In some cases it may makes sense to vary from the default behavior, e. g. when only very few assets are used that change very often, or the code portion of a on-demand loaded chunk is very large.
> 
> To vary from the default behavior one can use the [`splitChunks.cacheGroups`][splitchunks cachegroups] option to put on-demand-loaded assets into the `runtime` cache group (which avoids the cascade at cost of loading the asset hashes upfront), or into a dedicated cache group (omitting `name`), which would not avoid the cascade, but puts code and assets into separate files (avoiding invalidation of code portion).
> 
> Note that initially loaded assets do not case a cascade anyway as initial chunks do not have their hashes in the runtime script.

Reviewer: (trying to keep this text short since its hidden away in a box at the bottom of the page)

```suggestion
In cases where there are very few assets or where chunks containing asset references are very large, it can make sense to opt out of the default one-level cascade behavior using [`splitChunks.cacheGroups`][splitchunks cachegroups]. This can be used to move on-demand-loaded asset hashes into the `runtime` so they are loaded up-front, or into a separate bundle (by omitting `name`) containing the asset hashes and initialization code. It's also worth noting that assets don't cascade when referenced by entry bundles, which are loaded directly without relying on hashes in the runtime.
```
